{"en":"Some time ago,  an interesting discovery was made by archaeologists on the Aegean island of Kea. ^ ","ch":"不久之前， 在爱琴海的基亚岛上， 考古工作者有一项有趣的发现。  "}
{"en":"An American team explored a temple which stands in an ancient city on the promontory of Ayia Irini. ^ ","ch":"一个美国考古队在阿伊亚. 依里尼海角的一座古城里考察了一座庙宇。  "}
{"en":"The city at one time must have been prosperous,  for it enjoyed a high level of civilization. ^ ","ch":"这座古城肯定一度很繁荣， 因为它曾享有高度的文明，  "}
{"en":"Houses -- often three storeys high -- were built of stone. ^ ","ch":"房子一般有3层楼高， 用石块修建。  "}
{"en":"They had large rooms with beautifully decorated walls. ^ ","ch":"里面房间很大， 墙壁装饰华丽。  "}
{"en":"The city was even equipped with a drainage system,  for a great many clay pipes were found beneath the narrow streets. ^ ","ch":"城里甚至还敷设了排水系统， 因为在狭窄的街道底下发现了许许多多陶土制作的排水管道。  "}
{"en":"The temple which the archaeologists explored was used as a place of worship from the fifteenth century B. C.  until Roman times. ^ ","ch":"考古工作者考察的这座庙宇从公元前15世纪直到罗马时代一直是祭祀祈祷的场所。  "}
{"en":"In the most sacred room of temple,  clay fragments of fifteen statues were found. ^ ","ch":"在庙中最神圣的一间殿堂里发现了15尊陶制雕像的碎片。  "}
{"en":"Each of these represented a goddess and had,  at one time,  been painted. ^ ","ch":"每一尊雕像代表一位女神， 而且一度上过色。  "}
{"en":"The body of one statue was found among remains dating from the fifteenth century B. C. ^ ","ch":"其中有一尊雕像， 她的躯体是在公元前15世纪的历史文物中发现的，  "}
{"en":"Its missing head happened to be among remains of the fifth century B. C. ^ ","ch":"而她那身首异处的脑袋却碰巧是在公元前5世纪的文物中找到的。  "}
{"en":"This head must have been found in Classical times and carefully preserved. ^ ","ch":"她的脑袋一定是在古希腊罗马时代就为人所发现， 并受到了精心的保护。  "}
{"en":"When the archaeologists reconstructed the fragments, ^ ","ch":"考古工作者把这些碎片重新拼装起来后，  "}
{"en":"they were amazed to find that the goddess turned out to be a very modern-looking woman. ^ ","ch":"惊奇地发现那位女神原来是一位相貌十分摩登的女郎。  "}
{"en":"She stood three feet high and her hands rested on her hips. ^ ","ch":"她身高3英尺， 双手叉腰，  "}
{"en":"She was wearing a full-length skirt which swept the ground. ^ ","ch":"身穿一条拖地长裙，  "}
{"en":"Despite her great age,  she was very graceful indeed, ^ ","ch":"尽管上了年纪， 但体态确实优美。  "}
{"en":"but,  so far,  the archaeologists have been unable to discover her identity. ^ ","ch":"不过， 考古工作者至今未能确定这位女神的身份。  "}